config: add error on the same group/replicaset/instance names (#10913)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-10347-proper-instance-duplicates-messages.md

## bugfix/config

* Now Tarantool writes a detailed error message if it finds

>   groups/replicasets/instances with the same name in the provided
>   configuration (gh-10347).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  groups, replica sets, or instances with the same name in the provided
  configuration (gh-10347).
```

Author: Thank you.  Though I had to change the message a bit. Please, check it out:
```
## bugfix/config

* Now Tarantool writes a detailed error message if it finds
  replica sets with the same names in different groups or instances
  with the same names in different replica sets in the provided
  configuration (gh-10347).
```
